docs: update best practices Lottie importing (#19)
rive-app/rive-docs: getting-started/best-practices.mdx

### Importing Lottie Files

> Although Rive does offer a Lottie converter for easy export of `.riv` files, you will discover that re-implementing the graphics and animations directly in Rive can result in much smaller file sizes. Make sure to change formate of image assests from PNG to WebP and font's include export option to Glyphs used.

Reviewer: While Rive provides a Lottie converter for easy `.riv` file export, recreating graphics and animations directly in Rive often results in significantly smaller file sizes. If you're importing a Lottie file, you can further reduce the .riv file size by converting images from PNG to WebP and choosing to export only the necessary glyphs for font files. Additionally, you can [load assets out of band](#out-of-band-assets) to reuse fonts and images across multiple `.riv` files, optimizing storage.
```suggestion
Although Rive does offer a Lottie converter for easy export of `.riv` files, you will discover that re-implementing the graphics and animations directly in Rive can result in much smaller file sizes. Make sure to change formate of image assests from PNG to WebP and font's include export option to Glyphs used.
```

> Although Rive does offer a Lottie converter for easy export of `.riv` files, you will discover that re-implementing the graphics and animations directly in Rive can result in much smaller file sizes. Make sure to change formate of image assests from PNG to WebP and font's include export option to Glyphs used.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
While Rive provides a Lottie converter for easy .riv file export, recreating graphics and animations directly in Rive often results in significantly smaller file sizes. If you're importing a Lottie file, you can further reduce the .riv file size by converting images from PNG to WebP and choosing to export only the necessary glyphs for font files. Additionally, you can [load assets out of band](out-of-band-assets) to reuse fonts and images across multiple .riv files, optimizing storage.
```
